Rearrange header to make KID and CTR parallel (#140)
sframe-wg/sframe: draft-ietf-sframe-enc.md

> : This field contains the key id (KID) if the X flag is set to 0, or the key
> length (KLEN) if set to 1.

Author: ```suggestion
: This field contains the key id (KID) if the X flag is set to 0, or the key id
length if set to 1.
```

Extended Counter Flag (Y, 1 bit):

> : Indicates if the key field contains the key id or the key length.

Author: ```suggestion
: Indicates if the counter field contains the counter or the counter length.
```

Counter or Counter Length (C, 3 bits):

> : This field contains the key id (KID) if the X flag is set to 0, or the key
> length (KLEN) if set to 1.

Author: ```suggestion
: This field contains the counter (CTR) if the Y flag is set to 0, or the counter
length if set to 1.
```

The Key ID and Counter fields are encoded as compact unsigned integers in
network (big-endian) byte order.  If the value of one of these fields is in the
range 0-7, then the value is carried in the corresponding bits of the config
byte (K or C) and the corresponding flag (X or Y) is set to zero.  Otherwise,

> the value is MUST be encoded with the minimum number of bytes required and

Author: Interim 2023-09-13:
* We should be clear that receivers MUST reject frames that are not minimally encoded

```suggestion
the value MUST be encoded with the minimum number of bytes required and
```

appended after the configuration byte, with the Key ID first and Counter second.
The header field (K or C) is set to the number of bytes in the encoded value,
minus one.  The value 000 represents a length of 1, 001 a length of 2, etc.
This allows a 3-bit length field to represent the value lengths 1-8.

The SFrame header can thus take one of the four forms shown in
{{fig-sframe-header-cases}}, depending on which of the X and Y flags are set.

~~~~~ aasvg
KID < 8, CTR < 8:
+-+-----+-+-----+
|0| KID |0| CTR |
+-+-----+-+-----+

KID < 8, CTR >= 8:
+-+-----+-+-----+------------------------+
|0| KID |1|CLEN |  CTR... (length=CLEN)  |
+-+-----+-+-----+------------------------+

KID >= 8, CTR < 8:
+-+-----+-+-----+------------------------+
|1|KLEN |0| CTR |  KID... (length=KLEN)  |
+-+-----+-+-----+------------------------+

KID >= 8, CTR >= 8:
+-+-----+-+-----+------------------------+------------------------+
|1|KLEN |1|CLEN |  KID... (length=KLEN)  |  CTR... (length=CLEN)  |
+-+-----+-+-----+------------------------+------------------------+
~~~~~
{: #fig-sframe-header-cases title="Forms of Encoded SFrame Header" }

> In ABNF {{!RFC5234}}, the form of the SFrame Header is represented by the rules

Author: Interim 2023-09-13:
* The ABNF is not useful, and also incorrect (`1*7` should be `1*8`)
